Teacher Sun, don't worry.
The school can definitely be saved
After the villagers' meeting is over
I will donate to the school 1 million
Okay, okay.
Don't talk big
School can't be saved
Villagers for the development of the village
Meeting today to vote
The wasteland at the east end of the village and the mass grave
Ownership of land for village-run primary schools
We'll start by auctioning off the first plot of land.
The wasteland at the east end of the village
Total 100 acres
The starting price is 100,000 yuan
100,000 block
Even if it's a wasteland, no one should bid
Didn't you say
The villagers were bribed by Liu Yangyang
No one bid means they pick up the goods at a low price
If you say so
School auction in a while
Will be the same result
You are smart
Weekend
I'll see how much you get today.
Can't get it, uh, since no one's going out
The ownership of this land
It will be obtained by Mr. Liu's reserve price.
Chen Feng, what are you doing?
I 200,000